README.md, before:

# Verdant

Verdant is a flexible 2D game framework built on MonoGame,
designed to simplify the tedious parts of game development without restricting developer freedom.

**NOTE:** Verdant is in early development. APIs may be incomplete, and are subject to (potentially drastic) change without warning.

## Build Info

Currently built on .NET 5.0 for compatibility with MonoGame 3.8.x. Note that current MonoGame templates generate projects targeting .NET Core 3.0. Within the .csproj file, set `TargetFramework` to `net5.0`.

**For easiest use**
1. Download the project files from GitHub
2. Copy the `Verdant/` folder to a convenient location
3. Add `Verdant.csproj` to your project solution
4. In your game project, add a reference to the Verdant project

## MapTools

MapTools is an included tool for creating simple map files built from images, which Verdant can parse. MapTools and its map files can also be used entirely independently of Verdant. More info in the 
[MapTools README](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/blob/master/MapTools/README.md).

## LogConsole

LogConsole is a super simple client for the `Debugging.Log` API included in Verdant.
More info is available in the [LogConsole README](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/blob/master/LogConsole/README.md).

## Demos

- **[LoggingDemo](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/tree/master/Demos/LoggingDemo):** A simple game that makes use of `Debugging.Log` and the LogConsole.
- **[ParticleToy](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/tree/master/Demos/ParticleToy):** Tool to visualize `ParticleSystem` configurations. Entirely unfinished.
- **[PhysicsDemo](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/tree/master/Demos/PhysicsDemo):** Demonstrates all physics bodies to simplify debugging.

## [Documentation](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/wiki)

Documentation for each class is available on [the wiki](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/wiki). It is automatically generated from documentation comments within the codebase.

Commit message:

Small updates to ParticleSystem, BoxEntity
Informed by the development of a game jam project

README.md, after:

# Verdant

Verdant is a flexible 2D game framework built on MonoGame,
designed to simplify the tedious parts of game development without restricting developer freedom.

**NOTE:** Verdant is in early development. APIs may be incomplete, and are subject to (potentially drastic) change without warning.

## Build Info

Currently built on .NET 5.0 for compatibility with MonoGame 3.8.x. Note that current MonoGame templates generate projects targeting .NET Core 3.0. Within the .csproj file, set `TargetFramework` to `net5.0`.

**For easiest use**
1. Download the project files from GitHub
2. Copy the `Verdant/` folder to a convenient location
3. Add `Verdant.csproj` to your project solution
4. In your game project, add a reference to the Verdant project

## MapTools

MapTools is an included tool for creating simple map files built from images, which Verdant can parse. MapTools and its map files can also be used entirely independently of Verdant. More info in the 
[MapTools README](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/blob/master/MapTools/README.md).

## LogConsole

LogConsole is a super simple client for the `Debugging.Log` API included in Verdant.
More info is available in the [LogConsole README](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/blob/master/LogConsole/README.md).

## Demos

- **[LoggingDemo](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/tree/master/Demos/LoggingDemo):** A simple game that makes use of `Debugging.Log` and the LogConsole.
- **[ParticleToy](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/tree/master/Demos/ParticleToy):** Tool to visualize `ParticleSystem` configurations. Entirely unfinished.
- **[PhysicsDemo](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/tree/master/Demos/PhysicsDemo):** Demonstrates all physics bodies.
- **[NetworkDemo](https://https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/tree/master/Demos/NetworkDemo):** A game with basic networking features *(Verdant's networking - and therefore, this demo - are in early development)*

## [Documentation](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/wiki)

Documentation for each class is available on [the wiki](https://github.com/matthewd673/Verdant/wiki). It is automatically generated from documentation comments within the codebase.
